[Merged by Bors] - Rework the usage page (#344)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc

            rootLogLevel: INFO
        replicas: 3
----

If you want to set a password for the initial admin user you can do this by applying the following object:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: nifi-admin-credentials-simple
stringData:
  username: admin
  password: supersecretpassword
----

You can create the ZNode config map referenced in `zookeeperConfigMapName` via (assuming there is a ZooKeeper cluster called `simple-zk`:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: zookeeper.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: ZookeeperZnode
metadata:
  name: simple-nifi-znode
spec:
  clusterRef:
    name: simple-zk

> ----

Author: I did this because:
* the getting started guide already has _complete_ examples of these resources. For example no ZK cluster is created here.
* I explained in the NifiCluster how admin credentials and znode are handled and this would have been redundant.
* imo the usage page should focus on how to **use** the NifiCluster resource without having to start from scratch every time.

> <3> A reference to a `ZNode` resource. This resource must exist and cannot be reused across Nifi clusters. For details on how to create `ZNode` resources see https://docs.stackable.tech/zookeeper/stable/znodes.html[this page].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> A reference to a `ZNode` resource. This resource must exist and cannot be reused across Nifi clusters. For details on how to create `ZNode` resources see xref:zookeeper::znodes.adoc[this page].
```
